SpreeMsrp
=========

Add Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) data to your products.

Useful for all kinds of things, including:

* Showing your customers the MSRP
* Showing your customers how much they're saving
* Showing your customers the MSRP

Notes
-----

This extension only adds MSRP to the products/variants tables and the admin
interface. It is assumed that you have your own views or Deface
overrides that you'd like to use.

While a variant form field is provided, it is not prepopulated with the master
product's MSRP. (If you use variants, this is low-hanging fruit for a pull
request. :D)

Installation
------------

Add spree_msrp to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_msrp'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_msrp:install
```

After installation, MSRP values are exposed as `msrp` on Product and Variants.

MSRP fields are conveniently added to the admin interface immediately after the
price field.

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your application's integration with this extension you may use its factories.
Simply add this require statement to your `spec_helper`:

```ruby
require 'spree_msrp/factories'
```

Copyright (c) 2014 Colin Mattson, released under the New BSD License
